The custom library assets will be placed in this folder (javascript files, fonts, pictures etc...).  
Those files are usually referred in the "angular.json" file to be added to the generated bundle.  

**Css files (minified and loaded automatically):**  
Css files can directly be added in the "styles" section.  
The referred css files will be added to the library main css file and will be loaded automatically at runtime.
```json
"styles": [
  {
    "input": "libs/com-example-test210500/src/lib/assets/_global-styles.scss",
    "bundleName": "com-example-test210500"
  }
]
```
 
**Css files, javascript scripts, pictures, fonts etc... (not loaded automatically):**   
The css files, javascript scripts, pictures, fonts (etc) can be also referred in the angular.json but in the "assets" section to be added to the bundle.
Those resources will NOT be loaded automatically at runtime and will need to be loaded manually (for example through an img src path for a picture or src for a script or css file). Think about them as resources available for consumption.

_Important note:_  
It is required to have the library name in the path ("test210500" here) as shown below to have the resources copied correctly and available at runtime. 
```json
"assets": [
  {
    "glob": "**/*",
    "input": "libs/com-example-test210500/src/lib/assets/pictures/",
    "output": "assets/libs/test210500/resources/pictures/"
  },
  {
    "glob": "**/*",
    "input": "libs/com-example-test210500/src/lib/assets/scripts/",
    "output": "assets/libs/test210500/resources/scripts/"
  }
]
```
  

**Css scripts (minified):**  
It is also possible to refer to scripts in the angular.json "scripts" section but in this case the "bundleName" should be unique and not the one from generated by the application, else they will overwrite it. It will generate an additional javascript file, here "com-example-test210500-asset-scripts.js" which will contain the different scripts, minified. This file will NOT be automatically loaded and will need to be loaded manually as those defined in the "assets" section.
```json
"scripts": [
  {
    "input": "libs/com-example-test210500/src/lib/assets/alert-me.js",
    "bundleName": "com-example-test210500-asset-scripts"
  },
  {
    "input": "libs/com-example-test210500/src/lib/assets/alert-me2.js",
    "bundleName": "com-example-test210500-asset-scripts"
  }
]
```
